Hello and welcome to you
here. We give you only honest
advice and honest reviews. Today we will talk about
a health insurance plan
that gives you unlimited coverage. Today we will
do a complete review of ICICI Lumbar
Elevate Plan. This plan has
Infinite Care Benefits, Cumulative
Bonus and Power Booster Benefits. Let's
know in detail
some of the basic features of this plan. Policy Ten. The
policy can be taken for one, two or three years. Sum
Insured. In this plan, you can choose coverage
starting from minimum 1 lakh taka to maximum unlimited.
Checkup.
If you are below 45 years of age and
take a sum insured of up to 10 lakhs, then no pre-
policy medical checkup is required. Count. There
is an opportunity to get up to 30% wellness discount and up to 15% tenor discount. Now let's come to the most
attractive benefits of this plan that
distinguish it from others.   If you
take the Care Benefit Is This option, you can
claim unlimited medical expenses for life.  However, keep in mind that this
optional cover can only be
purchased within the first two years of the policy.  PED coverage
usually has to wait for pre-existing diseases.
But if you
take the Jamst optional cover in this plan, the waiting period
for diseases like diabetes, asthma, hypertension, etc. is
reduced to just 30 days.
However, the condition is that this cover must be renewed for three consecutive
years.  Benefit: If
your coverage ends due to a claim,
your sum insured will be restored or refilled at 100%, unlimited times a year.  The
sum insured will increase by 20% every year as a bonus no claim bonus.
Which can be yours up to a maximum of 100%.  The
adult age to take the plan is 18 years.  And in the
case of children, from 71 days to 30 years.
Inpatient treatment will be covered by the plan.
This includes hospitalization, day care treatment trends, modern treatment and AYUSH treatment, pre and post hospitalization expenses, road ambulance and donor expenses, and even medical food at the domiciliary home and surrogate mother infection costs.
Policies have some exclusions.
What is not covered under ICIC Lumber Delirium
, intentional self-harm or
attempted suicide, cosmetic or plastic
surgery, and injuries from adventure sports.
Treatment for alcohol or drug abuse.  It is very important to know the
waiting period before taking a policy for infertility treatment.
Initial waiting
period 30 days Specific diseases such as
hernia Cataract Two years DG PD Three years
if not taken immediately Maternity benefit
Two years Critical illness 90 days
Hypertension for diabetes Cardiac
condition 90 days If you are looking for a
health or term insurance plan for yourself or your family,
talk to us. The
link to book for free is
given in the description box below. Stay healthy, stay
well.